README.md, before:

Source code for "Learning Web Development with Bootstrap 4 and Angular 2, Second Edition", Packt Publishing 
====================================================

## Overview

This repository contains source code referenced in [Learning Web Development with Bootstrap 4 and Angular 2, Second Edition] (https://www.packtpub.com/web-development/web-development-bootstrap-4-and-angular-2-second-edition) book. 

 
## Organization

The source code is organized by individual chapters. 
Code corresponding to each Chapter is found in the ChapterX folder where X represents the Chapter number. 
Each ChapterX folder further contains several sub folders - each of them referenced from the chapter.

## Book Errata

There are bound to be some typos and other mistakes that found their way through the writing andediting process. 
If you come across any, please let to the author Sergey Akopkokhyants ([email](mailto:akserg@gmail.com)) knows.

## Questions

Please send your questions and comments to author Sergey Akopkokhyants ([email](mailto:akserg@gmail.com))

Commit message:

Chapter 1 updated to Angular 2.4.10 and Bootstrap 4.0.0-alpha.6

README.md, after:

Source code for "Learning Web Development with Bootstrap 4 and Angular 2, Second Edition", Packt Publishing 
====================================================

## Overview

This repository contains source code referenced in [Learning Web Development with Bootstrap 4 and Angular 2, Second Edition] (https://www.packtpub.com/web-development/web-development-bootstrap-4-and-angular-2-second-edition) book. 

## Angular and Bootstrap Versions

I used Angular 2.4.x and Bootstrap 4.0.0-alpha.5 at the moment of writing this book.

## Organization

The source code is organized by individual chapters. 
Code corresponding to each Chapter is found in the ChapterX folder where X represents the Chapter number. 
Each ChapterX folder further contains several sub folders - each of them referenced from the chapter.

## Book Errata

There are bound to be some typos and other mistakes that found their way through the writing andediting process. 
If you come across any, please let to the author Sergey Akopkokhyants ([email](mailto:akserg@gmail.com)) knows.

## Questions

Please send your questions and comments to author Sergey Akopkokhyants ([email](mailto:akserg@gmail.com))
